hi everyone this is a whole type of
video I guess um on the mineralized skin
finish um foundation um this is in NC 42
but I'm bringing this back um i have it
on now and i don't know i guess when i
was in the store like right now just in
this right here it looks ok i took a few
pictures and I have like that wash or
there ash type of um look on my face so
I think I'm a private go go bed could
get maybe the NC 44 the 45 was a little
dark um I guess to say I don't know so
I'm just up in the air I wanted
something for work I didn't want to use
my full coverage studio own tech for
work but I just want to do this so um
yeah so I have it on and i also have on
um spring sheen flush and the other one
is sweet as cocoa right up in here so
sweet as cocoa and spring Shing um blush
I don't know so we are seen I'm gonna
probably do another part to this and let
you know how i made out when i bring
this back and get the 44 so i probably
just wait um till then i don't know i
may just upload this video I don't know
but yet so if any of you have already
went out and purchase the mineralized
skin finish in the compact let me know
what your thoughts are on it and um I'll
talk to you guys later